[text]
input_text.name_header_secondary_lights = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_devices = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_climate = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_security = Overview
input_text.name_header_secondary_automations = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_battery = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_calendar = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_cleaning = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_computers = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_energy = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_floorplan = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_laundry = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_location = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_media = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_scenes = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_system = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_traffic = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_vacuum = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_weather = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_menu = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_alarm = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_download = Overview 

input_text.name_custom = Benutzerdefiniert
input_text.name_favorites = Favoriten
input_text.name_all = Alle
input_text.name_power = Energie
input_text.name_frost = Frost
input_text.name_protection = Schutz
input_text.name_heat = Heizung
input_text.name_on = 'On'
input_text.name_off = 'Off'

input_text.name_header_about = Über
input_text.name_header_automations = Automationen
input_text.name_header_battery = Batterie
input_text.name_header_calendar = Kalender
input_text.name_header_system = System
input_text.name_header_computers = Computer
input_text.name_header_energy = Energie
input_text.name_header_media = Media
input_text.name_header_floorplan = 'Gebäudeplan'
input_text.name_header_laundry = 'Wäscheraum'
input_text.name_header_location = Standort
input_text.name_header_traffic = Verkehrsinformation

input_text.name_header_weather = Wetter
input_text.name_header_alarm = Alarm
input_text.name_header_climate = Klima
input_text.name_header_lights = Licht
input_text.name_header_devices = 'Geräte'
input_text.name_header_security = Sicherheit
input_text.name_header_cleaning = Reinigung
input_text.name_header_scenes = Szenen
input_text.name_header_remote = Remote
input_text.name_header_vacuum = Staubsauger
input_text.name_header_menu = 'Menü'
input_text.name_header_settings = Einstellungen

input_text.name_presets = Voreinstellungen
input_text.name_thermostat = Thermostat
input_text.name_fans = Lüfter
input_text.name_temperature = Temperatur
input_text.name_humidity = 'Luftfeuchtigkeit'
input_text.name_air_pressure = 'Luftdruck'

input_text.name_cameras = Kameras
input_text.name_doors = Türen
input_text.name_windows = Fenster
input_text.name_motion = Bewegung
input_text.name_other = Andere

input_text.name_good_morning = Guten Morgen
input_text.name_good_afternoon = Guten Nachmittag
input_text.name_good_evening = Guten Abend
input_text.name_good_night = Gute Nacht

input_text.name_battery = Batterie
input_text.name_battery_label = Übersicht

input_text.name_automation = Automationen
input_text.name_automation_label = Manager

input_text.name_calendar = Kalendar
input_text.name_calendar_label = 'Übersicht'

input_text.name_computer = Computer
input_text.name_computer_label = Monitor

input_text.name_download = Download
input_text.name_download_label = Manager

input_text.name_energy = Energie
input_text.name_energy_label = Übersicht

input_text.name_floorplan = 'Gebäudeplan'
input_text.name_floorplan_label = Mappe

input_text.name_laundry = Wäsche
input_text.name_laundry_label = Raum

input_text.name_location = Standort
input_text.name_location_label = Mappe

input_text.name_media = Media
input_text.name_media_label = Center

input_text.name_system = System
input_text.name_system_label = Monitor

input_text.name_traffic = Verkehr
input_text.name_traffic_label = Information

input_text.name_weather = Wetter
input_text.name_weather_label = Information

input_text.name_light = Licht
input_text.name_light_label = Steuerung

input_text.name_device = 'Geräte'
input_text.name_device_label = Steuerung

input_text.name_climate = Klima
input_text.name_climate_label = Steuerung

input_text.name_security = Sicherheits
input_text.name_security_label = Panel

input_text.name_cleaning = Reinigung
input_text.name_cleaning_label = Liste

input_text.name_scene = Szene
input_text.name_scene_label = Steuerung

input_text.name_vacuum = Staubsauger
input_text.name_vacuum_label = Steuerung

input_text.name_remote = Remote
input_text.name_remote_label = Steuerung

input_text.name_alarm = Alarm
input_text.name_alarm_label = Panel
